youtube has a problem
with censoring anti-racism
as if it were pro-racism
i have come here on youtube repeatedly
to point the finger at holocaust deniers
and denounce them for being holocaust
deniers
in my criticism of their racism
youtube then censors me and treats
me as if i were the one who is
racist i understand the
intention here but youtube
is so inept it's so incompetent
in its censorship as to be
evil john rose
holocaust denier his youtube channel
is still up his videos
that praise adolf hitler literally this
guy praises adolf hitler
his videos are still up my video
criticizing him pointing the finger at
him denouncing him for being a hog snare
my video censored i get a channel strike
i get punished
by youtube because i dared to censor him
and he
not punished his channel not taken down
vegetable police
holocaust denier made videos plural
denying the holocaust supporting adolf
hitler
and they were directly inspired by they
were directly derivative of
the guy just mentioned john rose and
there were several other types of racist
several other types of white
supremacists have pointed the finger at
but you know what else is kind of funny
the same criticisms i offered on my
channel
i saw other youtube channels recycle
okay vegan gains ripped off my critique
of john rose he he literally
like stole the video from my channel and
used it on his own channel
that's cool it's part of the game here
on youtube but vegan gains was not
punished why
probably it helps that he's black i'm
starting to suspect that part of the
problem is here
that i am a seemingly white male
with a bald shaven head and the irony is
youtube i'm jewish my own family
died in the holocaust i very much grew
up with
knowing my grandparents generation so my
grandparents themselves and different
great uncles and great aunts
who really were jewish people who one
way or another
survived the holocaust or lived their
whole lives in the shadow of the
holocaust
i knew one guy he was actually my mom's
ex-boyfriend but he was like an uncle
you know he was
they dated back when my mom was a
teenager and then they didn't know each
other for
decades and then they kind of became
friends again when he was a very old man
that guy that guy was a direct holocaust
survivor he really
you know he really had direct contact
the reality of the holocaust and his
immediate family were killed
i knew people touched by the holocaust
it shouldn't
matter that ethnically i'm jewish
but evidently it does because youtube
punishes me as if
i'm racist again and again
when i am pointing out criticizing and
condemning
racism on your platform
youtube and you never censor you never
punish
you never deplatform the original
racists
who are being criticized here as i said
before
isil mentioned that no one has made any
response videos to john rose because
nobody wants to take the heat
not only did i make one response video
but several and i took a lot of heat
as i mentioned before not only did i
take
heat from john rose's
following but i've made enemies
i've made enemies because of my stance
against john rose's
pro-hitler pro-nazi views
but not only this now
i've been fired from my job i tried to
keep
the channel separate from my job
but my employers
found it found the
pro nazi pro hitler speech
by john rose and
i've been fired because
of inappropriate
content brief word of thanks to mark
tassie
not just for making that video not just
for getting fired from his job
for taking a stand on this issue but
also you know i do appreciate that he
gives me
credit in those videos he mentions that
he only knows about this because of me
and my youtube channel
and that he was using clips that he got
from my youtube channel
other people who joined in on this
controversy did not
mention me did not give me any credit
did not provide a link to my channel
including vegan gains himself vegan
gains did not acknowledge
that his work on this was derivative of
mine so thanks tim for that
be that as it may you see just how
dangerous
and suffocating for freedom of speech it
is to live
and work in a context where you
can be punished for being pro-racist
by daring to criticize
racism it's bizarre and
you know again youtube
has not punished has not de-platformed
the particular people
that we are criticizing as racist here
and
guys let's be clear we're not talking
about some kind of
slight personal bias or grudge
this is the most extreme form
of organized articulated politicized
racism
of people coming out and supporting in a
systematic programmatic way they're
supporting adolf hitler and nazism
and then if you dare to criticize them
for that you will be the one
who's punished silenced in this extreme
case
mark tassie actually got fired from his
job
father
please send me more likes and followers
and subscribers
i'm not a holocaust denier i don't think
it did happen i don't think there was
gassing of jews for slaughter
that was a made-up thing by the jews
themselves
apparently these concentration camps and
i'm about to say some good things
about the concentration camps i'm not a
holocaust denier
but the camps like they had theater they
had music
like they were well fed they were well
taken care of
and it was only till like the last
little bit where
germany was like in the war their
country is breaking down
the supply chain they couldn't get food
into the camps and then yeah people were
starving to death
but it wasn't like they were put there
and then starved
intentionally it wasn't like that at all
from what i gather
i don't know i'm just watching youtube
over here i am uploading so many videos
from my subscribers
i ask you for your help in this one
thing
it is the most important thing in my
life
obviously i've watched a bunch of
youtube videos that doesn't make me very
qualified on this matter because i could
be
being brainwashed by just another group
of people first you have to ask yourself
why did hitler take all the jews and put
them in a concentration camp why would
that happen
i'm not a holocaust denier there's a
couple different theories here
but the main one which can't be denied
is that the jewish people were taking
over his country
and they are pretty much in control of
this entire planet
i'm not a holocaust denier when you
think of
the illuminati and like the secret
beings that control this earth
we may or may not be talking about the
jewish people
i'm not a holocaust denier they are
controlling
everything if you just start researching
what do the jews control it's like they
control
all the mainstream media they control
hollywood they control the banks
it's like they control this planet and
hitler noticed this i'm not a holocaust
denier
he basically gathered all the jews put
him in a concentration camp
and he was like get out of our country
he told them to leave
they would not leave he gathered him up
into a little
camp like a summer camp like a summer
camp
i don't think there was gassing of jews
for slaughter
that was a made-up thing by the jews
themselves
i'm not a holocaust denier let's face it
the jewish people
they control the media you have to
understand i have nothing against jewish
people
i'm not a holocaust denier please send
me more likes and followers and
subscribers
it is the most important thing in my
life
one final note if you think the three
minute
video you just saw was too subtle
it had a huge impact on the guy i was
criticizing
vegetable police he was really upset by
that video i made
i remember he responded to it on camera
at the time
he briefly became extremely defensive
and made more videos kind of doubling
down
on his position but he then buckled and
he deleted
all of the videos along this line and um
you know he appeared on another guy's
channel i think that that may also now
have disappeared that channel may have
been deleted
but he appeared in another guy's channel
very briefly reflecting on it
and talking about the fact that he was
uh
under the influence of john rose so on
and so forth now i'm not making any
excuse for the guy
vegetable police is a scumbag and his
youtube channel should have been
deleted why is it that evalian's youtube
channel was deleted
but not john rose's youtube channel or
not
you know vegetable places youtube
channel if there's a standard
if evalian has her channel deleted for
this same
crime then the rule should be applied
equally for everyone and if not what is
the rule
but instead we're in this absurd
situation
where the rule gets applied against me
the rule gets applied against mark
tassie the people who are
pointing the finger at racism and
anti-semitism
the people who are engaged in the
critique of racism
the critique of holocaust denial we're
the people being punished
and youtube still serves as a positive
platform
for the racism anti-semitism and
holocaust denial